---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

# Project Log

  I have been working with LibreOffice and it was suprisingly tough to set up. Just trying to find the right files to build LibreOffice was difficult because I was missing many dependencies. When trying to make the build, it took a very long time and this had me concerned. I wasn't sure if I was doing the right thing but I decided to wait it out incase I was going the right direction. LibreOffice doesn't have an active issues handling page so I had to read many documentation from LibreOffice to ensure I was not wating time.  
  
  I had to download many dependencies, but I had trouble installing some, especially:
  
  _**$ sudo apt-get install aclocal**_
  
  I had to install a package called _autotools_ because _aclocal_ needed that package as a dependency for it. Once I was ready to make the build, it took around 2-3 hours. I managed to open the text editor eventually but it did take a decent amount of time. Since this project it not officially on github, it was difficult for me to navigate around their website, but they do provide a [wiki](https://wiki.documentfoundation.org/Main_Page) page that it pretty insightful. There are moments when trying to install, my laptop freezes up, but it is most likely due to old hardware and slow internet on my end. This project is fairly big and Im am not sure if I will be able to contribute to this, so I am looking around other projects that seem interesting. 
  
# Open Source is Not About You
  I really enjoyed this read, really reminds you that opensource is not made for one to expect something in return, you are to only do what you need to do, with greed out of the mind. The main take I got from this is to not be selfish and think about yourself, you have to put everyone when working towards something, it is an actual community after all.


# Contributions

  There is a street that does not have any locations filled in OpenStreetMaps. The street is under the train station so I assume people had trouble pinpointing where the stores are actually located. Here are my [contributions for this week](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Mtarek7900-weekly/blob/gh-pages/contributions.md).
