---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Ways For Me To Contribute To Open Source Projects

1. Open Source Software was something I really didn't think too much of until recently. Before taking this course, I wanted to see what open source was about, so I did a small amount of research. When learning that it is mainly software for people to utilize with very minimal restrictions, only then did it hit me that many of the resources I use are made from the collaborations of many people with goals that they strive for. Now knowing the basis of what open source is about, I want to be able to contribute to projects by making bug fixes or even help with design for efficiency. If possible, I will also try to contribute by giving ideas to other in hopes they can be of use to help their projects.  

### FOSS Benefits to My Skills

1. People think very differently from one another, so FOSS can help me understand people and try to express my ideas without being rude to others
2. People collaborate to FOSS projects all the time, so jumping into something like this will be a new experience for me. Working together to reach a certain goal will help me obtain a mindset to work as a group, not as just an individual. I hope to receive feedback so I can be able to learn and do the same for others.

### FOSS Benefits to Your Career

1. I hope to be a better programmer by working with others, but I also want to see that our collaborated efforts come to fruition. I believe seeing active users on something that many people worked hard on is a great feeling, so I hope I can contribute to that degree.
2. Even if it isn't through writing code, I will want to be able to read code from other individuals and learn from them. I see myself using a lot of open source software and I will be sure to now carefully look at what I use for the future.

### FOSS Benefits to My Personal Network

1. Working with other people means that I will get to know how others think and vice versa, they will know how I perform as well. I may end up seeing myself working with many people towards the same projects.

### Overall

My goal for myself is to become a stronger program through practice and effort. FOSS proves to be a valuable way to learn about how people put their minds together towards a project and how people share ideas with one another.
