---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

# The Events of This Week

This week was very stressfuls because this month days have just tossing me around all over the place. My grandfather passed away few weeks ago and ever since then my family has been struggling. Covid-19 transitioning to that event just made things for my family much harder. It is now affecting us not only mentally, but finacially as well. I am no longer working and my dad income is low, so right now we are glued to the news in hopes that the government will give out some form of package. I doubt all these events will clear up anytime soon, but hopefully things stablize just a bit. Have been very behind on everything, but having been trying to keep myself in shape and get back to pace.

# Hitting a Wall

Godot has been tough because the issues have been very complex, so for the past few days I have been observing different types of closed issues to see how people handled those problems. Had a small conversation with my teammate Steven and he was having similar issues. An example of a certain issue that caught my attention was [this](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/28060) because I had a similar problem where my sound bus was connected to a different controller from a program I used to use called SCPController. It took several days but managed to fix a problem that was similar to this issue, so I hope when me and my team members connect with each other, we will pin down a issue we can all handl together. With the Covid-19 issue, it was very difficult this week to contribute to OpenStreetMaps because I could not go outside, quarentine has us on lock down.

# Wikipedia

Started to explore wikipedia pages, but I did not realize how overwhelming it is.You can almost search up anything, no matter how obscure it can be and it will exist. I searched up info on the [Playstation 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PlayStation_3) because just recently I opened one up to fix an issue where it would not eject. There was so much info and redirects that I may explore into this genre, but I am not completely commited yet.
 
